howdy there internet people Isabel again
so today I guess we have to talk about
Omar's tweet Israeli lobbying campaign
contributions and anti-semitism so
before we get started before find out a
lot of numbers normally I make you guys
research and find this stuff on your own
because I think it's important in this
case this information is kind of hard to
find unless you know where to look
opensecrets.org they track campaign
contributions and money spent on
lobbying if you want to know who owns
your politician this is where you find
out
okay so Omar's tweet basically said
AIPAC donated to a bunch of Congress
people the general gist of what she said
what the tweet was that was wrong that
was wrong was wrong of her to tweet that
because it was factually inaccurate okay
AIPAC doesn't give campaign
contributions at all okay now if you go
to the individuals that are inside that
organization you can find about twenty
thousand dollars donated in 2018 to
various politicians that's nothing the
grand scheme of things twenty thousand
dollars is nothing especially when
you're talking about an organization
that lobbies to the tune of three and a
half million in 2018
she was factually inaccurate apec does
exert a lot of influence now as far as
campaign contributions pro-israeli
groups donated about fifteen million in
2018 alone a midterm election that's a
lot of money
so she was factually inaccurate but the
idea that pro-israeli groups exert a lot
of influence and Congress oh that's true
that that's a true statement so why did
the Democrats sell her out why didn't
they back her up and just well she
misspoke because they get a lot of the
money in fact the number one recipient
in 2018 was Robert Menendez Democrat
from New Jersey got more than half a
million dollars right now Republicans
for like hi Ted Cruz was number two all
right
Israeli lobbying groups and herbs that
donate they're not stupid they're just
like every other special interest group
they spread their money around they
spread their money around so it doesn't
matter who wins they win
okay so how do you discuss this without
coming off as an anti-semite pretty
simply I've been a very very vocal
critic of Israel's policies for years
never been called an anti-semite it's
never happened why because when I
discuss Israel's policies I discuss
Israel's policies not Jews we're about
four minutes into this video first time
the word Jew was spoken why because it's
not Jews that's an it's a very imprecise
term it's factually inaccurate
you know one of the terms I hate most is
Jewish settlers because it's not Jewish
settlers they're Israeli settlers Jews
all over the world do not get held
responsible for the actions of Israel
that's a government government policies
you can't hold everybody responsible for
that
it's an overgeneralization it's kind of
like saying Muslims are terrorists it's
not true even if you were to get more
specific a hobby of Salafi it's more
accurate but it's still not all of them
its imprecise that over generalization
comes off as racism why because it kind
of is even if it's unintentional so you
have to be very careful with that
especially when you're talking about a
demographic that is probably still
pretty tender to being over generalized
especially when it comes to saying that
they're influencing a government that
did not work out well for them last time
so they are probably very leery of even
allowing that idea to come out what
Israel does is and pro-israeli groups
it's not unheard of it's unusual for a
country to get away with doing it but
lobbying like this this is just the
American Way it's not right but it's the
American Way the other thing you have to
be very aware of is that a lot of
American Jews identify with Israel you
know they see that star day that on the
flag and they're like well that's part
of me
and that's something you need to be
aware of because they associate the
israel of today the State of Israel with
the Israel from a long long time ago and
they connect the two that's it's
something you have to be careful with
and you do you have to be tender with
the subject there's a lot of nuance on
it but the key thing you have to do is
that you have to be accurate with your
language yeah Jews did not bomb Gaza
Israel did it's a government not
everybody around the world is held
responsible for that you know who gets
it worse than anybody though American
Jews who speak out against Israel oh wow
they they get it hard in fact I'm gonna
link a video from a friend of mine in
Carrie she's uh she's from the West
Coast we share a lot of the same beliefs
but her presentation is a little bit
different may not be everybody's cup of
tea but it kind of explains her journey
coming from being one of those Americans
who looked at the flag of Israel saw
that Star of David and was like hey
that's me and then looked into Israel's
policies and was like I want nothing to
do with this and then talked to other
American Jews and well you'll watch the
video so that's that's the controversy
in a nutshell a lot of it had to do with
imprecise language a lot of it had to do
with the scars of history or reopening
so and then a lot of it had to do with
just plain corruption that's that's the
real reason Democrats are back in Iran
because they probably took money so you
don't have a right to criticize
governments around the world you don't
have a right to criticize money in
politics you don't have a right to
criticize special interest groups that
are representing foreign governments
influencing your government you don't
have that right you have that obligation
it's very important that you do it but
you also have an obligation to be
accurate with your language anyway it's
just a fault
y'all have a good night